So were you able to implement this redirect upon log out functionality.
Let's do it together or add a new side effect with an effect here.
And I'm actually at this con think object where I set dispatch to Forth because I don't plan on dispatching
a new action at the end of this effect all nameless property of log out and I'll start by listening
for actions with off type I can check if the action is of type log out.
So of type log out like that if it is I want you to do.
Operator to just do something.
And here's an important spot you could think that we can subscribe here because we do have an observable
right we could call subscribe here.
However we still need to let this return or resold to an observable in the end.
Because Engy are x internally still needs to keep that absorbable going in the end it also needs to
run it from the reducer you remember.
So we should just get into this chain and not finish it with subscribe.
So do is the perfect operator for this.
It allows us to execute code without hindering the other part.
Q To continue I need to unlock do salt simply W.K. it does import here and import do from our ex-chief
Yes.
Slash slash operator slash do so with this import added it's unlocked.
And now here I can simply say this router navigate and navigate to the drought for example.
Well let's save this and see if it works.
If I do log in here and I go to recipe's new recipe and I click log out.
I'm logged out as you can tell by the header.
And we were redirected.
So this is no working too.
And with that we should have everything about a indication finished.